chore: demo readme update (#70)
dylibso/observe-sdk: demo-iota/README.md

There are only two endpoints:

## `POST /upload?name=<identifier>`

> Post a Wasm module to this endpoint with any name you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Post a Wasm module to this endpoint using any name you want as the identifier:
```
